SQLite Demo

A. Types of sqlite databases
	1. SQLite
		a. Filename extension: .sqlite
		b. Geometry
			i.  stored as Spatialite
			ii. stored as ST_Geometry
		c. No raster capabilities

	2. Geopackage
		a. Filename extension: .gpkg
		b. Capable of storing raster as but needs more testing

	3. Mobile Geodatabase
		a. Filename extension: .geodatabase
		b. Hybrid ESRI geodatabase based upon SQLite
		c. Relatively new and not 100% supported yet
		d. Popups don't seem to work for spatial views
		e. Don't seem to be able to store rasters within mobile geodatabase
	4. Need to investigate compatibility of various database flavors within Survey123

B. Soil Rasters: if we want to use SQLite to replace the MS Access database 
   for soil data distribution, do we want to continue with the same data model as 
   gSSURGO and gNATSGO, where the mukey-raster is part of the database?

C. SSURGO-type metadata for content and database structure
	1. Currently SSURGO has content metadata stored in the sacatalog table 
           and externally in FGDC-CDSGM xml and text files.
	2. gSSURGO and gNATSGO has a mix of very general content metadata and 
           structural metadata. This information is stored in the GDB_Items table and is 
           viewable through the ArcCatalog Description tab or Catalog Description pane.
	3. What are metadata options for SQLite databases?
	4. Mobile Geodatabase seems to be able to store metada in a similar manner 
           to the file geodatabase.

D. File sizes- it appears that the SQLite database is not a efficient at storing data, 
compared to the file geodatabase. Needs more investigation.

E. Integer or Text for primary and foreign keys?

F. Tool development for creating soil maps and reports
	1. Initial set of tools have been ported to ArcGIS Pro for experimental purposes
		a. Download SSURGO By Map
		b. Create SQL Tabular Schema using SSURGO Metadata
		c. Create SQLite Spatial Schema using Shapefiles 
                   (Needs SQL option development)
		d. Import SSURGO Data into SSURGO-SQLite Template


	